mesh: update example to have custom edgehancers (#150)
uniformdev/examples: examples/mesh-integration/README.md

## Basic Usage

> > Using `npx uniform new-integration` will perform all of these steps for you!

Reviewer: this should be `npx @uniformdev/cli@latest new-integration`

> > Using `npx uniform new-integration` will perform all of these steps for you!

Author: ```suggestion
> Using `npx @uniformdev/cli@latest new-integration` will perform all of these steps for you!
```
